feat(sbb-stepper): introduce `sbb-stepper` component (#2491)
sbb-design-systems/lyne-components: src/elements/stepper/stepper/readme.md

  <sbb-step-label>Step label 1</sbb-step-label>
  <sbb-step>Step content 1</sbb-step>

  <sbb-step-label>Step label 2</sbb-step-label>
  <sbb-step>Step content 2</sbb-step>

  <sbb-step-label>Step label 3</sbb-step-label>
  <sbb-step>Step content 3</sbb-step>
</sbb-stepper>
```

## Forms

There are two possible approaches. One is using a single form for the stepper, and the other is using a different form for each step.

### Single form

```html
<form>
  <sbb-stepper aria-label="Purpose of this flow">
    <sbb-step-label>Step label 1</sbb-step-label>
    <sbb-step>Step content 1: <sbb-form-field>...</sbb-form-field></sbb-step>

    <sbb-step-label>Step label 2</sbb-step-label>
    <sbb-step>Step content 2: <sbb-form-field>...</sbb-form-field></sbb-step>
  </sbb-stepper>
</form>
```

### Multiple forms

```html
<sbb-stepper aria-label="Purpose of this flow">
  <sbb-step-label>Step label 1</sbb-step-label>
  <sbb-step>
    <form>
      <sbb-form-field>...</sbb-form-field>
    </form>
  </sbb-step>

  <sbb-step-label>Step label 2</sbb-step-label>
  <sbb-step>
    <form>
      <sbb-form-field>...</sbb-form-field>
    </form>
  </sbb-step>
</sbb-stepper>
```

> Calling the `reset()` method on the `sbb-stepper`, will reset the wrapping form or every form of each step and select the first step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Calling the `reset()` method on the `sbb-stepper` will reset the wrapping `form` or, if they are present, every `form` in each step; then it will select the first step.
```
